update Cilium to v1.11.1 (#14)
githubixx/ansible-role-cilium-kubernetes: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
---------

**6.0.1+1.11.1**

- upgrade to Cilium v1.11.1

> - make sure Cilium Helm chart is installed before rendering (contribution by @tiagoblackcode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- make sure Cilium Helm repository is installed before rendering the template (contribution by @tiagoblackcode)
```

The check is for the repository, not the chart 🙂

Author: Doesn't matter. Nobody reads changelog's anyways :wink: I'll fix it with the next update.
